Clinton Oremo, clintoniremo@gmail.com,
www.linkedin.com/in/clinton-oremo-471813228
+254745313247
Nairobi, Kenya. 29 May 2026

To,
Human Resource Manager.

Dear Sir/Madam,

RE: APPLICATION FOR THE POSITION OF A SENIOR FINANCE OFFICER & ACCOUNTANT

I am writing to express my interest in Senior Finance Officer & Accountant positions as advertised online. With an accounting and tax educational background and relevant professional experience, I am excited to apply. I hold a bachelor’s degree in business administration (accounting option) and am a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) finalist. I complement my education with other short courses in financial management and taxation, in addition to several practical classes of Kenya and East Africa tax and laws that have equipped me with valuable skills in: Accounting software/systems, financial modeling, computer skills (Excel, Word), excellent planning, data analysis, data presentation, risk management, excellent time management, attention to detail, a high level of integrity, result-oriented problem solving, and strategic/effective communication. I have a sound knowledge of the accounting process as well as a strong understanding of the business legalities and laws governing business operations and importation in Kenya.

Over the past four years, I have gained extensive experience in accounting, auditing, investment fields, and leadership across various sectors including parastatals, real estate, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), healthcare facilities, financial institutions, and technology firms, as well as small and medium businesses. This diverse exposure has not only honed my technical skills but also enhanced my ability to interact effectively with clients and stakeholders from different backgrounds.

Through my work experience, I draw my achievements as a strategic leader and a team player as demonstrated by spearheading two external reconstructions, implementing excellent and clean financial accounting tactics, preparing detailed presentable reports, and managing accurate payroll and statutory remittances among many other accomplishments.

My familiarity with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), online and desktop QuickBooks systems, Zoho Books, spreadsheet analysis, payroll management, accounts receivables, accounts payable, ledger reconciliation, accurate posting, and statutory deductions makes me believe I can serve you exceptionally well as a Senior Finance Officer & Accountant at International Relief & Dev Group.

My complete professional profile can be viewed at:
https://profile-tau-weld.vercel.app

And my verified digital credentials vault is available at:
https://profile-tau-weld.vercel.app/wallet.html

Thank you for considering my application. Please reach me at +254745313247 or clintoniremo@gmail.com to schedule a conversation.

Sincerely,
Clinton Oremo